https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-29169--new console procedures, concept added (#8609)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: secure_clusters/fine_grain_ui.adoc

+
Cluster role assignment:: Grants the identity access to all namespaces within the targeted clusters or cluster sets. Use this scope for cluster administrators or infrastructure operators who require global visibility and control.
Project role assignment:: Enforces a strict security boundary by granting access only to specific projects, which are namespaces within clusters or cluster sets. Use this scope for application development teams or line-of-business users in a multi-tenant environment.

Method:: Paths to accessing role assignments

+
You can manage role assignments through several paths in the console. The path you choose depends on whether you are managing global infrastructure or specific application resources.

+
From the console, navigate to **Fleet Management** in the console to find one of the following methods:

.Role assignment methods and use cases
|===
| Method | Use case

| Clusters
| Use this path to manage roles for a specific managed cluster.

| Cluster sets
| Use this path to manage roles for a logical group of clusters.

| Projects
| Use this path to assign roles to specific namespaces across your fleet.

| Namespace

> | Use this path for granular control over a single project on a specific cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Identities
| Use this path to manage roles for a specific user or group.

| Roles
| Use this path to manage assignments for a specific role.
```

Reviewer: These are the entry points that we talked about in the previous meeting right? If so, it makes sense to have these match each entry point doc (identities, roles, clusters, cluster sets). These are the 4 locations where role assignments can be managed.

Projects are more or less the same as namespaces, so that part does not make sense. Also, there is no specific namespaces area where you can assign role assignments. However each role assignment allows one to select namespaces. So I don't think it makes sense to mention namespaces here, since all 4 role assignment entry points all use namespaces in the same way. And this distinction is already covered in the above text:
```
Cluster role assignment:: Grants the identity access to all namespaces within the targeted clusters or cluster sets. Use this scope for cluster administrators or infrastructure operators who require global visibility and control.
Project role assignment:: Enforces a strict security boundary by granting access only to specific projects, which are namespaces within clusters or cluster sets. Use this scope for application development teams or line-of-business users in a multi-tenant environment.
```

> |===

Reviewer 2: shouldn't it be, identities and roles? 🤔 
and in any case Projects and Namespaces are basically the same 🤔

Author: I am not sure myself, are you asking to change line 38 to:

Use this path for granular control over a project, which is a namespace on a specific cluster.

(We decided to keep _project_ in the doc because it is in the UI, but indicate that it is a _namespace_; we can also just get rid of _namespace_ here because it is the subject of this cell (line 37).

`... a single project on a specific cluster.`

> *Important:* Role assignments are additive. For example, if a user is granted a role at the _cluster set_ level and a different role at the _project level_, the user inherits the permissions of both assignments.

Reviewer 2: at the project level? 🤔

Author: What should this be? Namespace?

Reviewer 2: well, double checking this, it could make sense to keep it as it is...

Reviewer: I think saying project is fine here.

+
Cluster role assignment:: Grants the identity access to all namespaces within the targeted clusters or cluster sets. Use this scope for cluster administrators or infrastructure operators who require global visibility and control.
Project role assignment:: Enforces a strict security boundary by granting access only to specific projects, which are namespaces within clusters or cluster sets. Use this scope for application development teams or line-of-business users in a multi-tenant environment.

Method:: Paths to accessing role assignments

+
You can manage role assignments through several paths in the console. The path you choose depends on whether you are managing global infrastructure or specific application resources.

+
From the console, navigate to **Fleet Management** in the console to find one of the following methods:

.Role assignment methods and use cases
|===
| Method | Use case

| Identities
| Use this path to manage role assignments for a specific user or group.

| Roles
| Use this path to manage role assignments for a specific role.

| Clusters
| Use this path to manage role assignments for a specific managed cluster.

| Cluster sets

> | Use this path to manage role assignments for a logical group of clusters.

Author: see change after Slack discussion.
